Let us think together about this issue, 2 on 3 or
2/4 hit 4/5
We've seen the previous videos
Method of calculating these issues,
This issue is equal to ...
We must first hit the rugs,
Ie 2 hit 4
2 hit 4,
We do the same thing in the first place, we have to hit these two things,
3 hit 5.
Rugs here equals 8,
The place is equal to 15.
This output fracture can not be simplified more than this,
There are no common factors between numbers 8 and 15 except for number 1.
If this is the result,
Output break 8/15.
but how? Why is this logical?
Let's think about it a bit,
There are two ways to visualize the issue,
Let's draw the fraction 2/3
We will draw 2/3 here ...
I will draw it to be fairly large,
I will draw 2/3 and take it 4/5
2/3, I will draw it as much as I said before
Two thirds,
As such,
This one-third,
This two-thirds,
I waited for the parts to be drawn evenly,
It is not complete, but I will make them somewhat equal.
Here is the final drawing,
Divided into three.
I will draw it again,
Painted three times here,
The fraction represents 2/3, two of these parts
Represents as we said two of these three parts,
One way to think about the issue is to say 2/3 hit 4/5,
What is the fraction of our 4/5 fraction in 2/3?
How do we divide the fracture 2/3 to fifths?
Let's try to divide one part into five parts.
Let's try it together,
We will divide as I told you each part of these parts to 5.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
I can also split the latter part if you like,
1, 2, 3, 4, 5
We want to take 4/5 of these two parts.
How many five are we here?
We have 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10.
We must look here
That these parts are not dark.
We have 15 parts here
In this full form.
That is to say, how much part of our fifteen part?
And so we will get this output.
But note 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14,
And 15.
How do you think we got this?
I have 3, I have three,
You divided each third of these three
To 5 fifths.
We have five times the number of moles,
3 hit 5 equals 15
But we want 4/5 of these two parts here,
This shaded part represents 10/15,
Which is equivalent to fraction 2/3.
We will take 4/5 of the third one,
In the two thirds we have 10 quintiles, that is, we have to determine 8 of these 10 quintiles.
We will take if 8 parts,
For Shadows 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8.
8 parts of 15 parts, ie 8/15.
We can think of it differently,
Let us start this time with the fifth, not the third,
I will draw here
I will draw a complete form,
Here is the figure,
I will try to divide it into five equal parts,
as much as I can.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
Break 4/5, ie, 4 of these parts.
4 of these 5 equal parts.
3, 4.
Now we want to take 2/3 fraction of this shape.
How will we do this?
Each of these five parts will be divided into 3 parts.
And we have again become 15 part.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15.
We want to take the fraction 2/3 or to determine this fraction on this yellow area.
We will not take 2/3 of the whole shape
But we will take 2/3 of the 4/5.
How much part do we have if?
We have 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12.
If we have 12 form or something,
We want to take 2/3 of the yellow area, ie 8 parts.
We will take 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 or 8
Of 15 parts.
In both ways, the answer will be the same.
In the first method we will take 4/5 of 2/3,
The second way is to take 2/3 of 4/5.